Add Event Audio plugin. (#387)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

- [Cyclops Level Builder](https://github.com/blackears/cyclopsLevelBuilder) - A level builder for quick prototypes and proof-of-concepts.
- [Dialogue Engine](https://github.com/Rubonnek/dialogue-engine) - Minimalistic dialogue engine that fits into your GUI nodes and automatically graphs the branching dialogues for easy debugging.
- [Dialogue Manager](https://github.com/nathanhoad/godot_dialogue_manager) - A simple but powerful text based branching dialogue editor and runtime. *(Godot 3 and 4)*

> - [Event Audio](https://github.com/bbbscarter/event-audio-godot) - A simple event-based 'fire and forget' audio-triggering system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Event Audio](https://github.com/bbbscarter/event-audio-godot) - A simple event-based "fire and forget" audio triggering system.
```
